[Music]
hi what's up how are you today s & p 26 and
this time is I want to bring a video
tutorial in which I want to teach you
how to recover files data files
of a hard drive that is damaged is worth the
which we can not access and I love you
say that because I'm going to put you in
question what has happened to me with a
hard disk in which I can not access
he agreed as we can check
we have these two hard drives the
operating system and the data those
those two hard drives are the ones that are
internal in the computer vale do not have
nothing to do with the tutorial of agreement
we have to look at the local disk
efe on the axis and on the t that hp list for
those three hard drives that are part
of a hard drive if only worth is for
massa they are split to two in three
is a removable hard drive and in which
for whatever it is they have been damaged
some files
inside the hard drive and we can not
access it let's do a test
to see if we can access the disk
local efe and you will be able to check that
it does not give me access it does not allow me access
to be able to enter that disk and this
while he sends me the message to
that you see this the way
fix it the only way to
solve it the problem is to format the
Hard disk is worth no other solution
available for this
what happens is that yes we can
recover the files that are in that
hard drive through a program that is
call dating dating good to say
what is the program called because the
truth that I do not remember very well but
it works perfectly according
as we can see we have here what
which is the hard drive and it tells me not to
I can enter that I do want to format
the good thing because I do not want to format it
because I want to retrieve the information
I have inside
logically then we will give you in
cancel voucher
saying this you have seen that I can not
enter the hard drive I can not see the
content what we have to do is
Well here I am asked for another message
that I can not that there was an error
data and I can not enter vale
said this as I have commented
we have to have this program worth not
I'll leave the description of the video worth
I will not leave it
You can find it by networks as
by many places so I'm not going to
leave in the description of the video and the
program itself is called that is here
it's worth so good he had said it well
the only thing the end dating back is a
very good program is I started to
use a lot and it serves the
perfection of agreement is
saying this, we are not going to open it
forgive you have to open it with
administrator we give you right button
execute as administrator that always
before opening it you have to open it with the
administrator of agreement if not no
it will work, this would be what the
graphical interface of this program let's
to manage everything to make it better and
good as I have told you this is the
graphic interface in which we
we have to mark the popcorn
Quickscan person is worth the scan
quick ok we want you to do the
hard disk scanning be as fast
possible once this is done we give it in
nets and starts scanning what they are
the hard drives that are in my
team now connected not only
those who have internal what are
internal but also external this
I already tell you it may take a little time
it may take a couple of minutes so
watch or pause the video and when
finished I return it to resume
until now
It is worth once you have finished the
scanning will simply close us that
window that you could see now
same where he was scanning and so
will appear what is this next
window this interface in which
we have to know what disc
hard is the is that the external not the
that the one that gives us problems
I in my case know what it is because it is what
located by the size of the hard disk is
of four hundred and sixty-six
gigabytes and is the one that is me
giving errors once this is done
we open and here we have what are the
partitions
we open again and we see that we have
another good partition in this case I'm going
to make only one partition due to
How good are many because I'm not going to
be recovering the files of so many
would take a lot and well this is the
smaller and the fastest one is going to
recover well let's be able to see the
files that contain so
we select then our hard drive and
we give in next is worth now would be another
once scanning what is the
the disc is worth to recover what
which are the files we tell him and from time to time
when will this error appear this
admiration says no we have found
an error and if we want to continue to
we say yes
to all this the vale that means stiff
we are all in management
and start again to check this
process can also take a while
In this case, as you can see, I miss it
fast poquillo and we have here what is
another window in which we have
what to give in neds we tell you again that
is already with wall sorry I think English
little and we would have it now extracted
half of the progress now I follow another
time
until they finish 100
we wait a few moments and we have
here the archives
of which contained our disk
hard to which we could not enter tell you
that this depending on the files that
you have the data that you have there
inside that hard drive
It will take more or less if you have a
hard disk because 500 gigabytes of data
obviously it's going to take a lot longer
in recovering files
now you wonder how we can
retrieve them as I can get them out of there
so very simple we simply take
we double-click on the folder
We copy and copy it where
we want, we can copy
where we want in data
where I want to go to take where
I want which is pretty good
saying this I think I've solved
some doubts well I hope to have
solved at least to me has
this program has been served quite well and I hope
that to all of you who are watching this
video serve you also with this I
I said goodbye, I hope that I have
liked and if so, give like favorites
and subscribe to the channel a greeting to all
and chao
Well here you can select between
previous video the highlight and the video to
the theory can also give like altery
javier iscar is now bulky and
subscribe to the channel
a greeting
[Music]